the Rafa Crossing is the only way for
people to pass between Egypt and the
southern end of the Gaza
Strip it's gaza's only Lifeline to the
outside world but supplies coming into
Gaza through rafah require Israeli
approval and only small vehicles and
people are allowed to move
through another Crossing is in the South
the Karam Abu salm it's located where
the borders of Egypt Gaza and Israel
meet and it's the only passage for
trucks carrying goods Fuel and Aid into
Gaza hundreds of tons of aid from
several countries have been held up in
Egypt that's as the UN seeks to agree a
deal with Israel for their safe delivery
to Gaza and for some foreign passport
holders to be evacuated through the Rafa
border
crossing even in normal times Egypt
imposes extremely tight restrictions and
rules on the use of The Crossings Rafa
is sometimes opened for humanitarian
purposes such as evacuating waiting
people in medical emergencies in the
rare cases where everyday Travelers are
allowed to use it they have to carry
internationally valid travel documents
and prove they have a compelling reason
to leave Gaza but since the start of the
Israeli War on Gaza hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians have been
pushed from the north to the South near
the crossing by Israeli
bombardment Israel has ordered them to
leave and is putting pressure on Egypt
to allow them to cross into Sinai Egypt
sees the possible wave of refugees as a
major threat to its security and more
importantly both Egypt and the people of
Gaza as well as other Arab countries
insist the Palestinians shouldn't be
forced to leave Gaza they fear if they
were Israel may never allow them to
return as it did when Palestinians were
forced to leave their Homeland in 1948
during the creation of the state
Muhammad Val Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer